Simple language

Each statement consists of a line number and a Simple instruction
Line numbers must appear in ascending order
Each instruction begins with one of the following commands:
rem , input, let, print, goto, if...goto or end

The language
----------------------------------------------
Command    |  Example statement     |   Description
rem         50 rem this is a comment    Text following the command rem is for documentation.
                                        It is ignored = no Assembly code is generated
input       30 input x                  Display a question mark to prompt the user to enter a single
                                        integer. Read that integer from the keyboard and store in x
let         80 let u = 4*(j-7)          Assign to u the value of 4*(j-7). An arbitrarily complex infix
                                        expression can appear to the right of the equal sign
print       10 print w                  Display the value of single integer variable w
goto        70 goto 45                  Transfer program control to line 45
if..goto    35 if i==z goto 80          Compare i and z for equality and transfer control to line 80
                                        if the condition is true; otherwise, continue execution with the
                                        next statement
end         99 end                      Terminate program execution
----------------------------------------------
Additional Rules
Simple language recognizes only lowercase letters
A variable name is a single letter (document variables in rem statements)
Simple uses only int variables
Simple does not have variable declaration - merely mentioning a variable name declares the variable and initilzes it to 0
Simple's syntax does not allow string manipulation(reading a string,writing a string,comparing strings, etc)
The following relational and equality operators <,>,<=,>=,== or != are valid in if..goto statement
---------------------------------------------------
->The compiler will read a file containing the Simple program and will compile it into SML code
and then writes it one instruction per line to a text file.
->Next the Simpletron simulator loads the SML file into the Simpletron's 100-element array, executes
the program and outputs the results to the screen and to a file to have a hard copy of the program.

The compiler performs 2 passes of a Simple program to convert it to SML:
1)The first pass constructs a symbol table where every line number,variable name and constant of
the Simple program will be stored.
SML code. The first pass also produces the corresponding SML instructions for each Simple statement, which
may be incomplete if we a have a goto statement going to a line that has not been created yet.
2)The second pass will take care of the unfinished instructions
-----------------------------------------------------
First Pass
-----------
1) Compiler reads the Simple programs first statement
2) The compiler separates the line into its individual tokens
    If a token is a line number a variable or constant it is placed in the symbol table
    !Line number is placed in symbol table only if it's the first token


-Compiler searches the symbolTable to determine the operand. The operation code is the command in simple language
input = 10 (read)
-When a goto statement is compiled with an unresolved reference, the SML instruction must be flagged to indicate that
the compiler's SECOND PASS must complete the instruction
-let statement will evaluate an arbitrarily complex infix arithmetic expression consisting of
operators , single letter integer variables names , integer constants -> ! Expressions should seperate each operand and operator with space!


5 rem sum 1 to x
10 input x
15 input x
20 input y
25 if x > y goto 20
30 end

Modifications:
Use hash map as symbol table for fast retrieval of locations

